Add Modbus developer documentation and modernizing-Modbus blog post (#3224)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: blog/2026-07-05-modernizing-modbus.md

For more background, see our [research](https://gist.github.com/balloob/b9fa91ba1a0914a9787f8f6ceb637b83).

## Let's get building

With these new building blocks in place, it is now possible to turn a collection of YAML configuration for Modbus into manufacturer-specific integrations that people can set up via the UI. If you're (interested in) working on this, stop by the [#modbus channel on the Home Assistant Discord](https://discord.com/channels/330944238910963714/1347329854495916044) and we'll be happy to help.

If you're using an AI agent, you can give it the following prompt:

> I want to create a new integration for Home Assistant using the new Modbus Connection integration as documented here: https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/modbus/introduction
> 
> The YAML we want to turn into a device library can be found here: *TODO INSERT LOCATION OF MODBUS YAML!*
>
> The deliverables of this task are going to be 3 folders:
> 

> > - Start by creating a device library based on the YAML. Follow https://github.com/Tom-Bom-badil/trovis-modbus/ as an exact example, including how to use component models, all GitHub Actions, helper scripts and README. This library is meant as a standalone device library and should not mention Home Assistant. Look at the source of modbus_connection to figure out al supported fields.

Author: ```suggestion
> I want to create a new integration for Home Assistant using the new Modbus Connection integration as documented here: https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/modbus/introduction
> 
> The YAML we want to turn into a device library can be found here: *TODO INSERT LOCATION OF MODBUS YAML!*
>
> The deliverables of this task are going to be 3 folders:
> 
> - Start by creating a device library based on the YAML. Follow https://github.com/Tom-Bom-badil/trovis-modbus/ as an exact example, including how to use component models, all GitHub Actions, helper scripts and README. This library is meant as a standalone device library and should not mention Home Assistant. Look at the source of modbus_connection to figure out all supported fields.
```
